Add tip for Vercel Edge Functions (#923)
grammyjs/website: site/docs/hosting/vercel.md

const bot = new Bot(token);

export default webhookCallback(bot, "std/http");
```

::: tip grammY has a limited support for [Vercel Edge Functions](https://vercel.com/docs/functions/edge-functions)

> This means that you can use core grammY package and some plugins, but other may be incompatible due node-specific dependencies that are currently not supported by [Edge Runtime](https://edge-runtime.vercel.app).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that you can use core grammY package and some plugins, but others may be incompatible due node-specific dependencies that are currently not supported by [Edge Runtime](https://edge-runtime.vercel.app).
```

> Currently, we don't have a comprehensive list of compatible plugins, so you need to test it by yourself.

Reviewer 2: Do we need to specify that?

Author: Depends on...
- [ ] https://github.com/grammyjs/grammY/issues/372

export default webhookCallback(bot, "http");
```

> ::: tip grammY have a limited support for [Vercel Edge Functions](https://vercel.com/docs/functions/edge-functions)

Reviewer: Excellent idea

export default webhookCallback(bot, "http");
```

> ::: tip grammY have a limited support for [Vercel Edge Functions](https://vercel.com/docs/functions/edge-functions)
> This mean that you can use core grammY package and some plugins, but other may be incompatible due node-specific dependencies that currently not supported by [Edge Runtime](https://edge-runtime.vercel.app).
> 
> Currently, we don't have a compatible list of plugins, so you need to test it by self.
> 
> Add this line to snippet above if you want switch to Edge Functions:
> ```ts
> export const config = {
>   runtime: "edge",
> };
> ```
> :::
> 

Reviewer 3: ````suggestion
::: tip grammY has a limited support for [Vercel Edge Functions](https://vercel.com/docs/functions/edge-functions)
This means that you can use core grammY package and some plugins, but other may be incompatible due node-specific dependencies that are currently not supported by [Edge Runtime](https://edge-runtime.vercel.app).

Currently, we don't have a comprehensive list of compatible plugins, so you need to test it by yourself.

Add this line to snippet above if you want to switch to Edge Functions:
```ts
export const config = {
  runtime: "edge",
};
```
:::

````

> export default webhookCallback(bot, "http");

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
export default webhookCallback(bot, "std/http");
```

Maybe try using `std/http` instead of `http`? It literally works out when I'll change `http` to `std/http`.

Author: @Qkfw Thank you, I'll test it soon and fix the examples if there are no problems

Reviewer: Do you have an estimate on when _soon_ will be? Take your time, just don't want to see this get lost like the other pull requests

export default webhookCallback(bot, "http");
```

::: tip grammY have a limited support for [Vercel Edge Functions](https://vercel.com/docs/functions/edge-functions)

This mean that you can use core grammY package and some plugins, but other may be incompatible due node-specific dependencies that currently not supported by [Edge Runtime](https://edge-runtime.vercel.app).

Currently, we don't have a compatible list of plugins, so you need to test it by self.

Add this line to snippet above if you want switch to Edge Functions:

```ts
export const config = {
  runtime: "edge",
};
```

:::

> 

Reviewer 5: #870

Author: 🫠 okay...

Reviewer 5: Waiting...

Author: > #870

Done
